I need to make an important call
x
I just hope that very well today
let's talk about pets and person not
I have had at least one pet in his
I have not had a pet
you have had childhood and your pets very
common like cats dogs fish hamsters
boyfriends and many more but the day
today we are going to talk about also here not
it occurs to him to have an exotic pet
of this holding school attacking cronies and
so when one is a child he thinks that having
mascot is amazing and even more so if it's a
exotic pet or removing the problems
what it takes to have a normal pet
for example let the nasa shut up and
leave color in exotic animals
suffer from not living in their natural habitat
then in costeño will send it to
live in the wasteland this code here
is serrano voice of the worst I imagine
that an animal in captivity would pass this
way here so the adam line
thomas abraham
I am a tiger and I fuck because they give me
the rice works we want because
I want to understand an animal in captivity
to be original and interesting
look good with society for that because
nation area is in the weight of the
animals like you have the right
rights
currently animal trafficking
illegal and know how to avoid it do not
they do not buy a toucan for
have a snake in the kitchen for
room or spectacled bear
we come to this planet taking advantage of
we are not running out in 2012, well, I
I'm going to put my turtle
and that's it